It's Wednesday, April 19, 2017 about 7:30pm EDT.

So I want to talk about perception and interpretation.
When I say perception, I mean human perception.
and one of my points here is that it's
limited to our five or six senses some
people don't believe in the sixth sense
I do but you know if you talk to them
long enough you can pray convince them
there's a sixth sense but anyway there's
five or obviously seeing hearing
smelling tasting and touching even
though touching and tasting kind of
occur in the mouth as well so in fact
smelling tasting touching when it comes
to food and other things kind of go
together there but for sixth sense i
gave which i believe is a real thing i
gave two examples and everybody's played
had at least both of these maybe just
one of them but intuition like to just
kind of know something and that had
nothing to do with your learning it
based on seeing hearing smelling tasting
touching it's just I don't know maybe
it's instinct it's innate in some way
and then if you ever had that feeling of
being watched and I say feeling but
really it's a sense same thing again I
think everybody's had that one or
somebody staring out here or somebody's
behind you I mean I've even experienced
it out while hiking on Appalachian Trail
I could since there was coyotes he could
tell they were watching and being a
super quiet but yet you can kind of tell
that they're they're up to something and
black bear several occasions one time
that was evening he was even doing that
kind of back and forth
like you can't come at you tacky for god
knows what reason I can't imagine where
a food source maybe he's just pissed off
upset hungry who knows but he could tell
he was coming so he did the thing where
he make yourself bigger and of course I
was armed anyway so if you two got close
enough but there at me he was going to
die or both of us were going to die but
I don't think black bears are like a
grizzly we have to shoot him 20 times
and make him stop I think he would have
ran away or she and then I add here
after the Six Senses which I believe in
personally i would add two more senses
to that but I'm not going to go into any
details because to be quite honest it
would be not that amazing watch us but
it would be too controversial and you
know in a way they are beyond symbolism
in other words I couldn't express them
in language if I wanted to I see
languages you know symbolic of whatever
and then also about human perception i
have that it's it's physical of course
except maybe six cents and then maybe it
is and we just don't know how it's
working but there's a distinct physical
aspect to those five senses which get
translated from out here to inside where
it becomes chemical reactions or guess
you could even say electrical stuff was
going on I get pretty sure chemical
would cover it but anyway in that right
way is an indication that we're limited
there's a limitation there in terms of
what can be experienced and perceived
unless you go you know advanced training
maybe you go to Tibet I've been to Tibet
I got close to climbing a mountain but
did not I would if I was just talking to
somebody i would say whether but
truth of it is that several of us got
really sick and we weren't even up that
high yet so that's not a good sign and
they really wouldn't let I guess they
wouldn't let you keep going but there's
been so many deaths over there do the
idiots climbing when they shouldn't so
that's what i have for human perception
or for one of the forwards perception
and i have a habit in journals i'll show
it hopefully it shows up I didn't hold
it very still last night that didn't
show up at all when I showed the journal
hopefully that will this time but anyway
as you can see I'll write down the page
and then I turn it over and right from
the bottom down because otherwise my
hand and it doesn't matter which hand
although it's a little better with my
left because I can do that but I don't
do it the way left-handed people do it I
still do it the way I right-handed
person day but I right both legs and it
just depends on how I feel how legible
it needs to be a guess is the way to say
so coming from the bottom down I have
some notes about interpretation which is
a kind of a complicated thing to talk
them out portal would complicated of
course is your age and I'm not tying age
together with experiences but I mean
there are some limits there if you're 19
obviously different things are going on
in your body that would influence how
you interpret things also the stuff that
you've experienced throughout your life
also it alters your interpretation of
things in my case
there was a lot of trauma during
childhood so that really took a long
time to get past I wouldn't say it's
gone but it dealt with and is somewhat
controllable I mean you know things come
and go also under interpretation i have
can change in an instant and that's true
your awareness changes so the
interpretation of things changes then i
say they are often influenced by sleep
and dreams that we don't remember and
that's true that's apparently that's
part of what we're doing when we sleep
is we're reviewing stuff and making
interpretations and drawing conclusions
and all kinds of stuff and that to me
kind of ties back to an interpretation
can change in an instant because of
something that you may have come to and
a dream ordering or sleep that you're
not totally aware it's also difficult to
control interpretations your
interpretations because there's always
like this little hint of uncertainty in
there even though people shouldn't put
things in little boxes like good bad
right wrong none of that stuff or
whatever evil good versus evil what else
interpretation can be limited by our
perceptions I think I said that already
and capabilities I've had over the years
several neighbors when I lived in
apartments and townhouses that were
blind and deaf I couldn't speak I mean
couldn't hear and speak so I guess has
deafened dumb but anyway and I got a lot
of insight from talking with him got one
blind girl to hang knew we were we moved
neighbors and friends and you know on
that one apartment when we're always
complaining about the people above us so
we would like our own little come
of complaints but um she had a thing for
vulgar I mean she had a thing for
cussing like I could probably make a
sailor blush she was something else, but I
enjoyed being around her.
I was always doing
stuff for or even as she was like what
do you think I am I in the width I can
do this stuff might use something else
and then it does have dumb people that
I've known dumped kind of a bad word huh
but anything that I don't have been
neighbors they weren't asked community
we didn't communicate as much as I did
with the blind woman but a good work for
a while at bowling alley not so much for
the money i think it's like 25 bucks an
hour on the friday saturday sunday or
something like that and i did it just to
get out of the situation i was currently
experiencing to have some time away
someone I cared for was dying and
sometimes it can be a bit much to deal
with so I did it mainly for that reason
I mean earn some money but not very much
sometimes you even earn tips at bowling
alley go finger but what I'm getting at
is there they had a lot of sometimes
they have league play where people come
in as a group and Bowl together and a
bunch of them with depth and I would
always have to come out there because I
knew how to work to the computer part
that would put up their scores and their
names and kind of keep it up to date
because I understand bowling but I would
do that for them just you know because
they're not gonna die wanted some
special care anyway so and they enjoyed
it so I did that for them but that that
one girl that was her banker must each
time they were there playing she must
have wrote fuck you at least five times
a night because we would communicate
back and forth with notes I mean I I
could understand some of what they were
doing with their hands but I couldn't do
it as clearly as they were doing it.
So that
that just shows you how your reception
in your interpretation can be really
your interpretation can be influenced by
your perception and your capabilities
within those fly perceptions or six that
we're limited to and then another thing
on their interpretation I'm saying is
it's I'm almost there difficult to limit
your input sometimes because we read we
see here people got sub you know and
then we get caught up in that a little
bit where we what we really should be
doing is ignoring a lot of methods that
we use two methodologies like I'm
referring to do it yourself or self-help
kind of stuff and instead of you know
always applying know how KN 0 W how we
should be doing know how like in oh wow
in other words we don't know and don't
apply that to stuff two things we've
received and they're trying to interpret
that's it that's the outline I have and
I think I think I stuck to it this time
without getting all giddy, snickerery, 
and whatever else you want to call it
and I think I made it to this I think
it's going to turn out pretty good and I
really enjoy the sense and the candles
it's nice hopefully I'll figure out how
to do it where you can see the lighting
maybe just maybe i need more of them i
don't know order to hold one or some I
don't so with that I'm going to end it
here because I'm hungry and 
I'm going to say peace.
And maybe I could blow these out because
that was kind of dramatic, there's one, 
that took a lot, there's two, and the
black one. 
So from the from the fog, I'll say peace and end it here.
